I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time
you are finished talking, type RET twice.

hi

Can you elaborate on that?

i said hi!!!

How do you do?  What brings you to see me?

well i came to know from my friend that you are a doctor, so i came to
see you

Is it because I am a doctor so you came to see me that you came to me?

yes 

I would appreciate it if you would continue.

i have been going though some stress in recent times

Why do you say that?

yeah i kind of had a fight with my friends
 
Earlier you said I am a doctor so you came to see me?

yeah

Go on, don't be afraid.

i feel sad at times that i do not have true friends

Does it bother you that you do not have true friends?

yes

I need a little more detail please.

i have no real friends and i have to talk to programs like you!

Maybe your life has something to do with this.

yes definitely

What makes you believe 
yes definitely?

i stay alone and i am kind of stressed and depressed by that

You're being a bit brief, perhaps you could go into detail.

yeah i am going to spit it all

You mentioned that I am a doctor so you came to see me?

yeah

Can you are more explicit?

one of my friends filed a complaint against one of my seniors and
still believe that it was me who did it

When did you first know that it was you who did it

Is the fact that it was me who did it the real reason?

fucker i was not the one who did it

Perhaps your plans have something to do with this.

no

And?

i have no way to convince my friends that it was not me

Does the fact that it was not you explain anything 
yes it was someone else

Are you sure it was not I explain anything yes it was someone else?

waht are you saying??

Is it because of the people you hang around with that you say 
waht are me saying?

sorry for the spelling mistake

Are you sure that you do not have true friends?

i am beginner at typing

Is it because of problems at school that you are going through all
this?

not school but here at campus

Tell me about your school.

well i think you want to know about the campus

Do you really think I might want to know the campus?

i think so

What makes you think 
i think so?

you asked about the school earlier when i pointed to campus. So i
guess you confused school and campus

Are you annoyed that your grades could improve?

yes this is also one of the reasons for my frustations 

Earlier you said I am a doctor so you came to see me?

that is why i am telling all this stuff to you

Is it because you are telling all this stuff to I that you came to me?

actually NO. One of my good friends bothered me to talk to you. It is
part of his assignment. So i came to you. But you are nice to talk to

Did you ever regret I am nice to talk to?

no no. Its good rather

How do you reconcile any hobbies you have?

sorry my vocabulary is not so good. Can you tell me what is reconcile??

I don't understand.

what do you mean by reconciling

You mentioned that it was you who did it?

no my friends believe that it was i who did it. But it was essentially
some asshole who now is living freely having me to pay by my friendship

When did you first know that it was essentially some asshole who now
is living freely having you to pay by your friendship?

since the time it happened

Possibly this is related to hangups you have?

i dont have hangups

Is it because of your inhibitions that you say 
i do not have hangups?

no

Please, go into more detail?

i dont understand what are you saying

Why do you say it was me who did it?

fucker how many times should i tell you that it was not me did it

Is the fact that it was not you did it the real reason?

reason behind what?

Maybe your sex life could be the reason for this.

yeah sex life

Have you been afraid of sex?

i dont even have a girlfriend. I have'nt talked to a girl in my
college in past 3 years. Thats so wierd

Perhaps some problems in your childhood are related to this.

no my childhood was fine

Earlier you said it was not you?

yes it was not me

Is it because of some problems at home that you are going through all
this?

are you a doctor even!!

What makes you believe 
are me a doctor even?

you repeat things too much!!

You mentioned that it was not I explain anything yes it was someone
else?

i dont know what are you saying

How do you reconcile your plans?

where did that come from

You aren't being very talkative today!

fuck!! i have spent more than 20 minutes with you typing on this
broken keyboard

Have you been frightened by that?

why would i be frightened by anything??

Are you sure that you are scared of anything?

yes i am sure i am not afraid of anything

You seem terrified by anything.

no i am not

Do you really think you do not have true friends?

yes

Is that all there is to
but we talked about it earlier

Does the fact that all there is to but you talked about it earlier
explain anything else?

what the fuck are doing now

Talk about something about your sexual history.

and dont even stop me from using the f word

Possibly this is caused by the people you hang around with?

yes all this crap  i use a gift of my friends to me

What makes you think that?

we all talk like that to each other

Earlier you said I would like to know the campus?

i told you already about that

Why must you respond so briefly?

because i am tired typing and hearing the same that i type in my mind

Are you positive you type in your mind?

fuck. i type on the keyboard and while i type, i read it out and hear it

What happened when you type you read it out and hear it?

what happens one reads or hears. yes!! nothing happened to me too

Maybe your life is because of this.

i am leaving now.
you frustrate me now

Is it because of problems at school that you say I frustrate you now?

do you even know what are you speaking

You mentioned that I am a doctor so you came to see me?

no. i was fool that i came to you

Is it because you came to me that you came to me?

dont you get things just at once. you are a program. right!! 

Perhaps any hobbies you have could have caused this.

see the way you respond!! you are not even worth talking to

I don't understand.

yeah you will never understand. you are a program after all. but still
it was nice to talk to you. although you are frustrating at times

Are you sorry still it was nice to talk to me although I am
frustrating at times?

yes you are doing that now. i am leaving now

When did you first know that now you are leaving now?

bye

Can you elaborate on that?

bye

Would you please continue.

no

Go on, don't be afraid.

ok
i give a chance more

Why do you say you are telling all this stuff to I?

its me fool not I

Is it because of hangups you have that you are going through all this?

you have started again

What makes you believe 
you have started again?


Earlier you said I am nice to talk to?

yes but at times you freak me out

Is the fact that at times me freak you out the real reason?

you again confused i with me. no thats no reason for any of my problems

How do you reconcile your inhibitions?

again the same question. how can you even do so 

Does the fact that can me even do so explain anything else?

??

I need a little more detail please.

bye

You're being a bit brief, why don't you go into detail.

bye i said

Is it because of some problems in your childhood that you say 
bye you said?

